---
url: /meetings/05122022
fullUrl: https://colwichhso.com/meetings/05122022
faq_category: meeting
modules:
  - modules/common/meeting_minute.md
  - modules/common/faq.md
  - modules/common/sponsors.md
  - modules/common/donate.md
  - modules/common/footer.md
minutes_approval: Jan 11, 2022 minutes - approved Motion RW, 2nd AC, vote 7-0
adjournment_time: 8:10pm
custom_class: show_image event_meeting
call_to_order: Rebecca W
event_date: 2022-05-12 18:00:00 +0000
title: HSO Meeting Minutes ⌛
description: Minutes From the Meeting on May 12th, 2022.
type: pastevents
subtitle: HSO Meeting Minutes
shoutout: Notes From the Meeting on May 12th, 2022 ⌛
overview: Below you will find everything we went over during this HSO meeting.
attendees: Rebecca W, Amanda A, Rhonda M, Shelby F, Abby W, Allyson M, Amanda C
---


1. 1. President
   2. 1. thank you from Mrs Winter for field day popsicles
      2. Thank you for everyone’s work on carnival
   3. Vice President
   4. Treasurer
   5. 1. Current balance $20,566.44
      2. A few outstanding to pay for field trips, etc
   6. Secretary
   7. 1. Thank you from 2nd grade for field trip/snacks
      2. Thank you from Mrs Mendenhall for sound system
      3. Thank you from CES Stuco for funding teacher gifts
2. Old Business/Committee Reports
3. 1. Carnival debrief - Amanda C
   2. 1. Discussed website and credit card data
      2. 1. 600 people visited website
         2. School mailing list got most traffic, FB gave steady traffic, texting not as much
         3. Credit cards 19% of overall payments
         4. 20% of raffle payments were CC
      3. Discussed carnival feedback
      4. 1. Lots of positive feedback
         2. Several good suggestions for next time
         3. 1. Moving or different set up for raffle - crowded area
            2. More items for middle school age
            3. More signage for MS hall activities
            4. ½ price or free entry for MS workers
         4. Carnival financials
         5. 1. Total expenses $3,742.18 (Amanda broke down by category)
            2. 1. Most expensive category was tshirts
               2. 2nd was raffle baskets
               3. 3rd was prizes
            3. Total income $14,339.45 (Amanda broke down by category)
            4. 1. Most income from cash donations
               2. 2nd from admissions
               3. 3rd from raffle
            5. Net Carnival profit $10,597.27
   3. Teacher Appreciation week - Allyson M
   4. 1. HSO provided snacks (Mon), Appreciation Station (Tues), Lunch from Syl’s (Weds), and goodie bags (Fri)
      2. 1. Positive feedback - good mix of items
      3. Also sent home student participation ideas with the kids
      4. 1. We have heard from teachers that there was good participation - a good mix of ideas, along with no cost options so everyone could participate
   5. Approved Teacher funding requests
   6. 1. Omo - $295:  3-5 field trip to Carousel
      2. Baalman - $508.80:  6-7th field trip to Museum of World Treasures
      3. Ast - $813:  K-2nd field trip to Carousel
      4. Reinhard - $142.50:  Red take home folders, K-5th for 2022/23 school year
      5. Walker - aprox $100:  Popsicles, bubble wands and capri suns for PreK end of year celebration
      6. Winter - $60:  popsicles for field day
      7. CES Stuco - $140:  gifts for departing teachers
      8. 8th grade reception - $125:  donation towards 8th grade reception/snacks
4. New Business/Announcements
5. 1. New track uniforms
   2. 1. Rhonda M discussed track uniforms and the lack of size options.  Some girls wearing boys sizes, you can see their sports bras (boys jerseys are not double layered like girls).  Would like HSO to fund new track uniforms.
      2. Abby W discussed that sports uniforms are on a 7 year rotation.  Next year will be for track, but it is for the sweats, not the uniforms.  (Uniforms are 7 years old, sweats 14)
      3. Discussion on what is the school’s responsibility to fund vs HSO’s responsibility.
      4. Has this request been taken through the proper channels first?  (Ask coach, ask principal, etc.)
      5. Are other parents feeling this way?
      6. Can we get bids from other places - we were given just one bid.
      7. Motion to table to fall meeting for discussion with more information being presented - AC
      8. 1. 2nd - RW
         2. Vote 6-1
   3. Donation to REF golf tournament
   4. 1. Read letter from Shirlene Simon requesting donation for REF golf tournament.  
      2. We have donated $200 in the past.
      3. Motion to donate $200 to REF golf tournament - RW
      4. 1. 2nd:  AM
         2. Vote 7-0
   5. Thank you to our departing officers!!
   6. 1. Rebecca Wineinger - President
      2. Amanda Ast - Vice President
   7. New officer elections
   8. 1. President
      2. 1. Motion to nominate Amanda Campbell as 2022-23 HSO president - RW
         2. 1. 2nd - AA
            2. Vote 7-0
      3. Vice President
      4. 1. Discussion on what role involves.
         2. Asked if Allyson was interested, but would prefer to stay at secretary.
         3. Motion to nominate Shelby Fitzpatric as 2022-23 HSO Vice President - AC
         4. 1. 2nd - RW
            2. Vote 7-0
      5. Amanda C’s move to President opens Treasurer.
      6. 1. Motion to table until fall meeting - RW
         2. 1. 2nd - AW
            2. Vote 7-0